doc: release process: link to milestone dates on wiki (#61490)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/project/release_process.rst

    Release Cycle

.. note::

>     The milestones for the current major version can be found on the `Official GitHub Wiki <https://github.com/zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr/wiki/Release-Management>`_. Information on previous releases can be found :ref:`here <zephyr_release_notes>`.

Reviewer: hey thanks for adding this, could you wrap this to 80 columns like the rest of the file?

Author: Done

>     The current major version's milestones can be found on the `Official GitHub Wiki <https://github.com/zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr/wiki/Release-Management>`_. Information on previous releases can be found `here <https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/releases/index.html>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The milestones for the current major version can be found on the `Official GitHub Wiki <https://github.com/zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr/wiki/Release-Management>`_. Information on previous releases can be found :ref:`here <zephyr_release_notes>`_.
```

Author: Changed.
